Update RTD to support new users (#249)
scijava/scijava: docs/ops/doc/CallingOps.md

In this page, we start after having [identified a Gaussian Blur Op](SearchingForOps) that we would like to use. We assume we already have created an `OpEnvironment` named `ops`, as well as the input image to blur, and a pre-allocated output image for the result&mdash;`inImage` and `outImage`, respectively.

**Note:** we are incrementally constructing one line of code in this example. Running an intermediate step simply returns an appropriate builder that knows what has been set so far, and which step is next. If you're following along in an IDE or script editor, the code you actually *run* would be the last step, once our builder call is fully constructed.

## Specifying the name with `.op()`

From the `OpEnvironment`, an `OpBuilder` chain is initialized with the `op(String)` method, which describes the name of the Op that we ultimately want to call:

```groovy
ops.op("filter.gauss")
```

## Passing the inputs with `.input()`

With the name established in the `OpBuilder` chain, we can then specify our input(s) with the `.input()` method.

> For this Gaussian blur, we have two inputs: `inImage` is the image we want to blur, and a `double` value as our sigma parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this Gaussian blur, we have two inputs: `inImage` is the image we want to blur, and a `double` value as the standard deviation of the smoothing function:
```

What do you think about using the technical term?

Reviewer 2: I like the simpler `our sigma parameter` :wink:

For our Gaussian blur, we will pass our output image `outImage` as a receptacle for the result:

```groovy
ops.op("filter.gauss").input(inImage, 2.0).output(outImage)
```

## Computing with `.compute()`

With all of our desired Op's inputs and output now specified, we can run it with the `.compute()` method.

```groovy
ops.op("filter.gauss").input(inImage, 2.0).output(outImage).compute()
```

In the call to `compute()`, the `OpEnvironment` will use all of the parameters provided to:
* Match an Op based on the name provided, as well as the types of the provided input and output objects
* Execute the Op on the provided input and output objects.

After this step, `outImage` will contain the results of the Gaussian blur on `inImage`.

## Variations on use

### Using a *function* or *inplace* Op

Calling our Gaussian blur as a *computer* above is great when we have pre-allocated output, but for other scenarios we can request Ops as *functions* or *inplaces*.

*Functions* are used when we want to *create* the final output, indicated by ending the builder with `.apply()`:

```groovy
var outImage = ops.op("filter.gauss").input(inImage, 2.0).apply()
```

> *Inplaces* are used when we want to destructively modify one of the existing inputs (which is explicitly forbidden by *computers*; a *computer* Op's output should be a different object from all of its inputs). We indicate this by the `mutate#()` method, where the `#` corresponds to the *parameter index* that will be modified:

Reviewer: Would it be confusing, or clarifying, to note this is 1-indexed?

Reviewer 2: 06c20936aeca474ffed93ed2cdbf771bdeaa2f05

### Repeating execution

When you want to call an Op many times on different inputs, the `OpBuilder` can be used to return the *Op* itself, instead of performing the computation. Instead of calling the `.compute()` function at the end of our `OpBuilder` chain, we can use the `.computer()` method (or `.inplace()` or `.function()`, as appropriate) to get back the matched Op, which can then be reused via its `.compute()` method (or `.apply()` or `.mutate#()`, respectively):

```groovy
var gaussOp = ops.op("filter.gauss").input(inImage, 2.0).output(outImage).computer()
gaussOp.compute(inImage, 2.0, outImage1)
gaussOp.compute(inImage, 5.0, outImage2)
```

While we do pass concrete inputs and outputs in this example, they are essentially just being used to reason about the desired *types* - which we'll cover in the next section.

*Note that the default `OpEnvironment` implementations cache Op requests* - this means that repeated `OpBuilder` requests targeting the same action will be faster than the original matching call.

> ### Matching with classes

Reviewer: Is `classes` better or worse than `types`?

Reviewer 2: 3648c07bd304517d3dd16f8fc547b0ebd28e8b72
